---

draft: false
title: "My Journey to HAZEYouth: From Reckless Choices to Empowering Young Lives"
snippet: "Hello, I'm Pierre Ntango, a Founder and Executive Director of Haze Music for Youth Empowerment ."
image: {
    src: "https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/realisticshots/144.jpg",
    alt: "ocean view"
}
publishDate: "2023-09-05 1:39"
category: "Mental Health"
author: "Pierre Ntango"
tags: [Life, Poem, Lesson]
---
## Introduction
Hello, I'm Pierre Ntango, a Founder and Executive Director of Haze Music for Youth Empowerment (HAZEYouth). My life has been a rollercoaster of highs and lows, but it has led me to a mission I am deeply passionate about. I want to share my story with you, not just as a cautionary tale, but as a testament to the transformative power of self-awareness and purpose.

## From Privilege to Peril: The Missteps of My Youth
I was born into a life of privilege, attending top schools and enjoying all the comforts one could wish for. However, my youthful rebellion led me down a path of substance abuse, defiance, and expulsion from seven different schools. I was the idol of my peers for all the wrong reasons. I wanted to prove my parents wrong and achieve my dreams my way, without taking responsibility for my actions.

## The Artist Within: A Double-Edged Sword
As an aspiring artist, I was drawn to the allure of the creative world, but it was a world that also exposed me to drugs, peer pressure, aggression, and violence. My artistic aspirations became a double-edged sword, fuelling both my creativity and my destructive behaviours.

## The Awakening: Lessons in Disguise
It was a spiritual awakening that served as my wake-up call. I began to see my past not as a series of failures, but as lessons that could guide my future. This shift in perspective was the catalyst for my transformation and the inspiration behind HAZEYouth. I realised that the sky is not the limit when there are footprints on the moon.

## The HAZEYouth Mission: Unlocking Potential
At HAZEYouth, our mission is to tap into the well of young people's unlocked potential to maximise excellence. We believe that every young person is a co-creator of their world, capable of shaping their future in constructive ways. Mediocrity is not an option; we aim to empower young people to reach their fullest potential.

## The HAZEYouth Mission: Unlocking Potential
At HAZEYouth, our mission is to tap into the well of young people's unlocked potential to maximise excellence. We believe that every young person is a co-creator of their world, capable of shaping their future in constructive ways. Mediocrity is not an option; we aim to empower young people to reach their fullest potential.

## Leaving Footprints on the Moon: The Vision of HAZEYouth
Our vision is to leave a legacy of positivity where young people enjoy healthy, creative, and enlightened lives. We are not just about reaching for the sky; we are about leaving footprints on the moon. Through HAZEYouth, we are laying a foundation that will enable young people to achieve greatness, collectively.

## Conclusion
My journey from a reckless youth to the founder of HAZEYouth is a story of transformation and purpose. I invite you to join our community and be part of this empowering mission. Together, we can shape a future where young people are not just surviving but thriving.


#HAZEYouth #YouthEmpowerment #UnlockingPotential #ShapeTheFuture #FromRecklessToEmpowered #MusicAndMentorship #CoCreatorsOfTheirWorld

